Come over here right now! To the scene!
We'll escort you.
Open it!
-Hurry up!
-Open it!
I'll disguise
Han-na as a nurse, send her in,
and rescue your daughter first
no matter what.
But if we act rashly,
it'll put the hostages in more danger.
This is the perfect chance.
If this drags on and they find out
she's your daughter, then it will…
I'm sorry to say this,
but something tragic might happen.
But Han-na wasn't very prudent yesterday.
Is she reliable?
Disguise myself as a nurse?
But they must know my face.
None of them knows your face.
They saw you briefly during the shoot-out.
I even spoke with them.
Do you remember
when I lost Han while tailing him?
I'm sure they set us up.
They must know my face.
In any case, go in with the doctor
and rescue Mr. Eun's daughter first
no matter what.
And how will I do that?
It might put the rest in more danger.
Don't you know that?
How am I supposed to pull off
the special op without equipment?
You're known for this kind of thing.
You don't need any equipment.
Use your brain.
Sweetie,
you know how much I love you, right?
Cut to the chase. I came because
you said it was urgent. What is it?
Don't tell me
I have to treat those Northern spies.
There are three spies in there,
and two of them are injured.
Spies?
Forget it.
Wait.
If I take care of this well,
my party will support me in the future.
And it'll help me become president.
You said you wanted to see me become one.
If you, my beloved sweetie,
kill two of them with injections
pretending treating their wounds,
-then only one will be left.
-"Kill"?
Are you seriously
telling me to commit murder?
It's not murder. It's execution.
There are 60 innocent college girls
being held in there.
By executing those spies,
you'll be saving the 60 innocent people.
You thought I'd be moved by such nonsense?
If I become president of this country,
I'll be able to abandon
my four-star father-in-law
and leave my dumb wife.
I doubt that.
My life wish is
to keep you by my side 24/7
for the rest of my life.
You know that.
Let's say I've taken care of the two.
What if the last one tries to kill me?
Do you really think I'd put you in danger
without any contingency plan?
Contingency plan?
Soon, the whole building
will be wiretapped.
Once you take care of the two,
just say, "I gave them painkiller,
so they'll be fine."
Once we hear you say that,
our forces will break in secretly
and kill the last one.
But they're just three spies.
Do you have to pull this kind of trick?
What I want is simple.
I just want to break in and kill them all.
But…
it turned out Eun's daughter
is one of the hostages.
Mr. Eun's daughter?
I can't just do as I want
beside the anxious father.
So it came to this.
Even if you're asking, I'm a doctor.
I can't kill a person. No, I won't.
Please. Do this for me, honey.
-Please.
-Instead,
I'll add sleep-inducing element
to the painkiller
and make them unconscious.
You wicked little fox.